Added check to match bins before conjoining workspaces. (#38478)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/ConjoinWorkspaces-v1.rst

YAxisLabel automatically with the value of YAxisUnit, unless a separate value
is supplied.

Exceptions
##########

> If property 'CheckMatchingBins' is set to true, and the bins in the two input workspaces
> do not match, then an 'invalid_argument' exception will be thrown from the 'exec' method.

Reviewer: Having some monospace formatting here and on the lines below would improve readability
```suggestion
If property ``CheckMatchingBins`` is set to true, and the bins in the two input workspaces
do not match, then an ``invalid_argument`` exception will be thrown from the ``exec`` method.
```
